voiceless              hc
voiced                 .
labial                 vl
linguolabial           vlo
alveolar               vc
dental                 vcb
postalveolar           vl vr
retroflex              vc2
palatal                vr
palatal2               vr
velar                  /
uvular                 \
pharyngeal             vc vr
glottal                vro
nasal                  hto
plosive                ht
sibilant_affricate     ht hbo
non-sibilant_affricate ht hb
sibilant_fricative     hbo
non-sibilant_fricative hb
fricative              hb
approximant            hc
tap/flap               hc2
trill                  ht hbs
lateral_affricate      hti hbi
lateral_fricative      hbi
lateral_approximant    hti
lateral_tap/flap       hto hbo
click_tenuis           htI
click_voiced           hbI
click_nasal            htO
click_tenuis_lateral   htI2
click_voiced_lateral   hbI2
click_nasal_lateral    htO2
implosive              htO hbO
ejective_plosive       ht2
ejective_fricative     hb2
ejective_affricate     ht2 hb2
ejective_lateral       hb hbi
